## API of Selection Process SCF Brazil

_Development of an API for the selection process_

A Node.js server that acts as a proxy to the Vagas API. This project uses express as the server framework, zod for input validation, dotenv for managing environment variables, and is written in TypeScript.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository: `git clone git@github.com:rgranvilla/vagas.git`
2. Install dependencies: `yarn install`

## Getting Started

1. Rename the `.env.example` file to `.env` and fill in the required environment variables, and put your jwt secret.
2. Run the server in development mode using `yarn dev` or build and start the server using `yarn build` and `yarn start`

## Available Scripts

"start": "node dist/core/server.js",
"dev": "tsx watch src/core/server.ts",
"build": "tsup src --out-dir dist",
"test": "vitest",
"test:ui": "vitest --ui --coverage",

- `dev`: Starts the server in development mode using `tsx watch`
- `start`: Starts the server in production mode
- `build`: Builds the project using `tsup`
- `prestart`: Executes the build script as a pre-step before starting the server
- `predev`: Executes the build script as a pre-step before starting the server in development mode
- `test`: Runs the tests using `vitest`
- `test:ui`: Runs the tests with UI coverage using `vitest` with the `--coverage`

These scripts can be executed using `yarn <script-name>`, for example, `yarn dev` to start the server in development mode or `yarn build` to build the project.

## Environment Variables

- `API_BASE_URL`: The base URL of the Github API
- `PORT`: The port the server will listen on
- `JWT_SECRET`: The secret key used for JWT authentication

**Note**: Make sure to never commit your .env file to source control. The .env.example file is provided as a template to show what environment variables are required.

## How access API documentation

To access the API documentation, follow these steps:

Ensure that the server is running in development mode by executing the command yarn dev.
Open your preferred web browser.
Enter the following URL in the address bar: http://localhost:3100/api-docs/.
Press Enter to load the page.
The above URL points to the API documentation generated by the server. It provides detailed information about the available endpoints, request/response schemas, and any additional documentation specific to the API.

By accessing the API documentation, you can explore and understand how to interact with the API, including the required parameters, expected responses, and available functionalities.

## Contact

If you have any questions or suggestions, please send an email to rgranvilla@gmail.com.

Please feel free to reach out to us for further assistance or any inquiries you may have.
